# About artist **Nelly Drell**

Nelly Drell (born on October 19, 1979 in Tallinn) is an Estonian painter.

Already as a child, he was very interested in art, and at the same time as studying in the art class of Pelgulinna Middle School, he went to the Kullo interest center (ceramics) and Kevade street art school to improve himself. Dedication to art and love of art soon became a conviction that the chosen path was the right one, and the desire to continue self-development and become a real artist grew. In 1998–2000, he studied painting at the Estonian Academy of Arts, later at Miami International College of Art (2000–2001) and at the New York Academy of Arts (2001–2003).

Nelly Drell's work stands out for its bold and realistic approach and abundance of figural compositions. He is not afraid to experiment with different art styles - so among his paintings you can find both hyperrealistic cityscapes, national-romantic celebrations and elements typical of other styles (from baroque to classicism). The artist is equally versatile in his choice of subjects, his works include equally colorful sports events, dramatic scenes from history, naughty acts, expressive portraits and nature views. The treatment of form and the choice of motifs change, but the main focus - people depicted in harmony - remains.

Nelly Drell has exhibited her paintings in group and solo exhibitions since 1995, in 2001 she received the Young Visual Art Award of the Miami International College of Art and in 2008 the SMV award from the annual exhibition of the Estonian Painters' Union. Since 2005, he has been a member of the Union of Estonian Painters.